hey youtube here tweak here bring you
guys and update to my yugioh trade
binder for the middle of july for 2014
oh my rules and wants in the description
below so be sure to follow them in one
of any problems so we've got two binders
let's go ahead and get started
everything in here is in mint condition
unless stated otherwise if you guys have
a question as to what any of these cards
are just comment down below but if you
want to make a trade offer to me send it
to me as a private message or you can
contact me on facebook or skype of all
the contact information down below for
you guys with the new messaging system
on YouTube I know it's kind of difficult
so I've linked you with the link on
where to contact me on youtube if you
don't have a facebook or skype account
basically just write out the message
with the send message button and then
i'll get back to you you should see my
notification in the new google + tab at
the top of the youtube site now so
basically looking for my wants mostly i
think my number one want right now our
arm again and nights looking to pick up
a couple of those you have those
definitely trade for them not really too
picky on any other rarities um i will
also sell cards if you're just looking
to buy i know there are some people that
just prefer to buy the cards they want
you know i like to keep trades on them
just play the decks that they purchase
and use um then yeah that's pretty much
it facebook and skype or probably the
easier ways to trade with me now and
like i said i have all the contact
information down below for you guys to
use i usually befriend pretty quickly
i'm on them a lot so if you send
requests i'm pretty quick to respond and
we can work out a trig so that's it for
the first binder we move on to the
second
this one mostly has the effect monsters
the fusions rituals and Vanilla's you
can also ask me like smaller rarity
cards stuff I don't keep in my binders
most likely will have them if they're
like commons or anything like that
looking for those be glad to look for
you guys see if i have them or not and
once again if you guys see anything and
you can't make out what the card is just
comment down below but save pricing and
all that trades for the private messages
facebook messages or skype just so a lot
easier for both of us that way just get
through this last binder not much else
to say pretty much scott allah i wanted
to say out getting in the video
now two Vanilla's diffusions and that's
pretty much it so you up once again if
you guys want to work out a trade just
send me a private message facebook
message or skype and we'll work
something out hope you guys enjoy and
Kira tweaked out